com/example/finema/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.finema.BuildConfig
com/example/finema/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.finema.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.finema.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.finema.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/finema/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/finema/BR.java
 com.example.finema.BR
com/example/finema/databinding/FilmFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.FilmFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/TmpFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.TmpFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/NavHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.NavHeaderBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/OwnTournamentFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.OwnTournamentFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/SignInFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.SignInFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/SettingsFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.SettingsFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/WelcomeFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.WelcomeFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/ProfileFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.ProfileFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/NavHeaderBindingImpl.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.NavHeaderBindingImpl
com/example/finema/databinding/OthersFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.OthersFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/GenreFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.GenreFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/NumberFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.NumberFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/FavouriteFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.FavouriteFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/MovieItemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.MovieItemBindingImpl
com/example/finema/databinding/TournamentFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.TournamentFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/FragmentBaseBindingImpl.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.FragmentBaseBindingImpl
com/example/finema/databinding/HigherLowerFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.HigherLowerFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.finema.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/finema/databinding/ThematicFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.ThematicFragmentBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/FragmentBaseBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.FragmentBaseBinding
com/example/finema/databinding/MovieItemBinding.java
 com.example.finema.databinding.MovieItemBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
